1. create an object name fruits which should atleast 5 keys such that fruit name, fruit price.... it should have an array as key now 
you have to pass this object in a function which will accept it in destructure format now print all the information and call a function which will going to pass the key array into another function and call one function that will pass the object as key into another 
const fruits={
    name:"mango",
    price:40,
    address:{
        city:"jaipur",
        pincode:23432
    }
}
function function4(a){
    add=["add",123]
    a=[...a,...add]
    console.log(a)
}
function function1({city,pincode}){
    console.log(`city is ${city}, pincode is ${pincode}`)
    const a=[];
    a.push(city,pincode)
    console.log(a)
    function4(a)
}
function fruitscall({name,price,address}){
    function1(address)
}
fruitscall(fruits)
 2) Create an object named user with at least 5 keys (e.g., userName, userAge, etc.). One of the keys should have an array as its value. Then, create a function that accepts this object in destructured format, prints all the information, and calls another function that will pass the key array into another function. Additionally, call a function that will pass the object as a key into another function and print all the keys.  

Product Data

3. Create an object named product with at least 5 keys (e.g., productName, productPrice, etc.). One of the keys should have an array as its value. Then, create a function that accepts this object in destructured format, prints all the information, and calls another function that will pass the key array into another function. Additionally, call a function that will pass the object as a key into another function and print all the keys.

Order Data

4. Create an object named order with at least 5 keys (e.g., orderId, orderDate, etc.). One of the keys should have an array as its value. Then, create a function that accepts this object in destructured format, prints all the information, and calls another function that will pass the key array into another function. Additionally, call a function that will pass the object as a key into another function and print all the keys.
Employee Data

5. Create an object named employee with at least 5 keys (e.g., employeeName, employeeId, etc.). One of the keys should have an array as its value. Then, create a function that accepts this object in destructured format, prints all the information, and calls another function that will pass the key array into another function. Additionally, call a function that will pass the object as a key into another function and print all the keys.

Customer Data

6. Create an object named customer with at least 5 keys (e.g., customerName, customerAddress, etc.). One of the keys should have an array as its value. Then, create a function that accepts this object in destructured format, prints all the information, and calls another function that will pass the key array into another function. Additionally, call a function that will pass the object as a key into another function and print all the keys.

Inventory Data

7. Create an object named inventory with at least 5 keys (e.g., itemId, itemQuantity, etc.). One of the keys should have an array as its value. Then, create a function that accepts this object in destructured format, prints all the information, and calls another function that will pass the key array into another function. Additionally, call a function that will pass the object as a key into another function and print all the keys.

Vehicle Data

8. Create an object named vehicle with at least 5 keys (e.g., vehicleModel, vehiclePrice, etc.). One of the keys should have an array as its value. Then, create a function that accepts this object in destructured format, prints all the information, and calls another function that will pass the key array into another function. Additionally, call a function that will pass the object as a key into another function and print all the keys.