How many documents are there in the collection?

const userdata  = users.length;

Retrieve all documents where the role is "admin".

const userdata = users.filter(user => user.role === 'admin');

3)Find all documents where the role is "customer" and the username contains "Karamchandani".

const userdata  = users.filter(user => 
  user.role === 'customer' && user.username.includes('Karamchandani')
);

4).Retrieve the document with the username "Sumanth Rao".
Find all documents where the user's first name starts with "R".
Retrieve all documents where the user has the skill "Python".
Find all documents where the user has the skill "Java" and "Python".
Retrieve all documents where the user's first name is "Aryan" or the last name is "Gupta".
Find all documents where the user has the skill "Java" but not "Python".
Retrieve all documents where the user's last name is "Sharma" and the role is "customer".
Find all documents where the user has exactly three skills.
Retrieve all documents where the user's first name starts with "S" and the role is "admin".

const userdata = users.filter(user => 
  user.firstName.startsWith('S') && user.role === 'admin'
);
Find all documents where the user has the skill "Java" and the role is not "admin".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is not specified.
Find all documents where the user has at least four skills.
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "customer" and the user has no specified skills.
Find all documents where the user's email contains "regexsoftware.com".
Retrieve all documents where the user's email does not contain "gmail.com".
Find all documents where the user's last name is not "Singh".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "admin" and the user has the skill "Java".
Find all documents where the user's first name is "Ananya" and the user's role is "customer".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "admin" and the user has at least one skill.
Find all documents where the user's role is "admin" and the user's first name starts with "R".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "customer" and the user's last name is "Patel".
Find all documents where the user's role is "admin" and the user has the skill "Python".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "customer" and the user's last name is not "Gupta".
Find all documents where the user's role is "admin" and the user's email ends with "@regexsoftware.com".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "customer" and the user has the skill "React".
Find all documents where the user's role is "customer" and the user has the skill "SQL".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "admin" and the user has at least three skills.
Find all documents where the user's role is "customer" and the user has the skills "Java" and "C++".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "admin" and the user's email does not contain "gmail.com".
Find all documents where the user's role is "customer" and the user's last name starts with "M".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "admin" and the user's first name is not "Rahul".
Find all documents where the user's role is "customer" and the user's email does not contain "gmail.com".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "admin" and the user has the skill "Java" but not "JavaScript".
Find all documents where the user's role is "customer" and the user's first name is not "Ananya".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "admin" and the user's email contains "regexsoftware.com".
Find all documents where the user's role is "customer" and the user has the skill "HTML" but not "CSS".
Retrieve all documents where the user's role is "admin" and the user has the skill "Java" and "JavaScript".
Find the average age of users.
Find all female users from Jaipur who know Python.
Find all male users in Delhi who are above age 26
Find all users who are from either New Delhi or Mumbai.
Find all users who have the same last name.
Find the count of users in each city.
How many users are from New Delhi?
How many Female users are from Jaipur?
How many Male users are there in Delhi who have skills Java?
How many users are from Hyderabad having age greater than 24 and have skill Python,C++
How many female users are from Goa having age greater than 24 and have skill Python,C++